Open Reports from the left rail.
p02
Every report a site runs lives in this one hub.
p03
A hundred seventy-three in all, five favorites, three on a schedule.
p04
Each row carries a type tag and the last time it ran.
p05
Name the symptom before you touch a filter.
p06
Wrong numbers or an empty report is a filter question.
p07
A scheduled report that never landed is a scheduler question.
p08
Decide which ticket you have, or you'll re-run the wrong report ten times.
p09
Take the wrong-or-empty trail first. Open the report from the list.
p10
It loads in the Report Viewer, and the filter bar across the top is the whole story.
p11
More filters, a location selector, a date range, and the run control.
p12
Now read the scope.
p13
Most wrong-numbers tickets die here.
p14
The selector sat on one site when the manager meant the network,
p15
or the dates missed the week in question.
p16
Fix both, run it again, compare.
p17
A report is only wrong once its filters are right.
p18
One caution before you file anything.
p19
In this demo tenant, a KPI tile and the table beneath it often disagree, sometimes wildly.
p20
That's a known demo artifact, not a platform bug.
p21
Reproduce the numbers in production before you open a ticket.
p22
Now the report that never arrived. Open the Scheduled Reports view.
p23
Three reports run on a schedule here.
p24
Confirm the missing one is actually among them, and read its last run.
p25
Not scheduled at all? There's your answer.
p26
Cross-check the job that sends it. Settings, then Automation, then Task Scheduler.
p27
Eighteen tasks, sixteen active, two running now.
p28
And the tile that matters reads failed, zero.
p29
Nothing errored overnight.
p30
When that count isn't zero, you have your lead.
p31
Find the Daily Report Email row.
p32
Read across it.
p33
Scheduled daily at six. Last ran today at six.
p34
Next run, tomorrow at six. Status, active.
p35
A missing report usually shows here as a stale last run or a status that isn't active.
p36
Read it, never edit it.
p37
Now build the ticket.
p38
Name the report, the location scope, and the date range you ran it with.
p39
For a scheduled report, add the job's last run, next run, and status.
p40
Attach a screenshot. Leave the demo-tenant number quirks out of it.
p41
That's the playbook.
p42
Name the symptom.
p43
Wrong or empty means the filter bar.
p44
Never arrived means Scheduled Reports and the Task Scheduler.
p45
Rule out the demo artifact, escalate with the filters and the run times,
p46
and change nothing along the way.